Playwright vs Selenium: Core Differences

Features       				Playwright        															Selenium

Open source					Yes, Apache 2.0																Yes, Apache 2.0

Browser Support				Chrome/Chromium, Firefox, and Webkit (Open-source version of Safari)		Chrome, Firefox, Edge, IE

Programming language		Java, Python, C#, JavaScript/Typescript										Java, Python, C#, JavaScript, Ruby, Perl, PHP, Typescript

Test runner support			Playwright comes with an in-built test runner.								Selenium doesn’t have any inbuilt test runner.Selenium supports TestNG, JUnit, NUnit, Mocha, Jest, Jasmine, 
							Also supports third-party test runners, Mocha, Jest, Jasmine, Ava, etc.

Operating system			Windows, macOS, Linux														Windows, macOS, Linux, Solaris

Architecture				Follows Websocket protocol with event-driven headless architecture.			Follows JSON wire protocol/HTTP protocol. Uses the browser Specific Webdriver to communicate with browsers.

Mobile Device Support		Experimental features														Supports third-party libraries like Appium

Donors/Backed Company		Microsoft/Community															Community

CI/CD integration support 	Yes																			Yes

Community Support			Growing community															Large community support

Record and Playback support	Yes, Playwright CodeGen														Yes, Selenium IDE

Visual Comparison 			Yes																			No
Testing support


Playwright 

Playwright tests are simple, they

perform actions, and
assert the state against expectations.


async Function:
An async function is a function that implicitly returns a promise. 
It allows you to use the await keyword inside the function to wait for the resolution of a promise without using .then() and .catch().

function delay(ms) {
  return new Promise(resolve => setTimeout(resolve, ms));
}

async function asyncFunction() {
  console.log("Before waiting");
  await delay(2000);
  console.log("After waiting");
  return "Done!";
}

asyncFunction().then(result => console.log(result));

Examples : which function we have mentioned the async always return the promise.

The Keyword async before a function makes the function return a promise.

await Operator:

The Keyword await before a function makes the function wait for a promise.

The await operator can only be used inside an async function. 
It pauses the execution of the async function until the promise is resolved or rejected. If the promise is resolved, 
the value returned by the promise will be the result of the await expression

function fetchData() {
  return new Promise(resolve => {
    setTimeout(() => resolve("Data fetched successfully"), 1000);
  });
}

async function getData() {
  console.log("Fetching data...");
  const result = await fetchData();
  console.log("Data received:", result);
}

getData();


POM - Page Object Module:

1) Page Object Module, also known as POM, is a design pattern in test automation that create an object repository for storing all elements.
2) It is useful to reduce code duplication and improve testcase maintenance.
3) In Page Object Module, Consider each web Page of an application as a class file.

Thanks for sharing the input, sir. Hereafter, I will check the grammar before sending the report and follow the above guidelines.

Explored Date-Picker concepts and Implemented it in script.


Explored the promise concept and Implemented it in the script.
Explored the calendar concept and Implemented it in the script.

Explored and developed a script in typescript with the playwright and cucumber BDD by implementing the below concepts:
Added dependencies [playWright, cucumber, and Gherkin].
Explored the feature file for the login scenario and Implemented it in the script.
Executed the feature file to get a step definition file.
Working of the step definition file.


Feature: User Authendication tests

Background:
    Given User Navigation to the application
    And User click on the login link

Scenario: Login should be success
    And User enter the UserName as "Admin"
    And User enter the Password as "admin123"
    When User click on the login button
    Then Login should be success

Scenario: Login should not be success
    And User enter the UserName as "vimal"
    And User enter the Password as "vimal123"
    When User click on the login button
    But Login should fail









